[EARLESS grunting]
What are they going on
about at this hour?
[EARLESS 11A roars]
[gasps]
[EARLESS grunting]
They've all gone berserk.
[gasps]
This is our home.
What are you doing?
Why can't my voice reach them?
[TOMMY gasping]
[LISTENERS cackles]
Listeners has come?
But that looked like Mu.
What is this?
The injured are priority one!
Over here. Somebody help!
Please help us. I'm begging you.
[CROWD screaming]
[gasps]
The Earless?
Something wrong?
I'm hearing a bit of
commotion out there.
[NIR]
It's the Earless.
[NIR gasps]
On that day, when you showed up
injured at my doorstep.
The first thought that
popped into my head
was those two fools
had come back somehow.
But even just seeing you
alive made me so happy, Nir.
[RESERVOIR] Where's the report
from the advance party?
Stay on top of it, a'right?
So that's how it is.
Tommy arranged a coup and took
control of the army from Ace.
He planned to use the Earless to
bring the world under
Londinium's rule. Except...
He failed to realize
that he would summon
Listeners, king of the Earless.
And in seven days, she'll be
back to wipe the slate clean.
That's right.
So, then. What's
become of dear Tommy?
[gasping]
[LISTENERS cackles]
He's gone now.
Didn't even leave a corpse.
[DENKA sighs]
I'm so sorry to hear that.
We don't have any intention
of enslaving anyone,
and we're sure as hell not gonna
be anybody's slaves either.
No man's rule can
bring us salvation.
Love, and only love,
will save us all.
A traitor planted the
seeds of this conflict.
But even so, we must stop it.
[DENKA] We're facing
a test of love, everybody!
So let's prove it's so bright
it glows from inside us!
And now we're going
around the world in a day, team!
[DENKA'S PEOPLE]
Yeah!
[EIN] The chaos surrounding
us shall be our epitaph.
And perhaps.
It was fate that we three
should die here in obscurity.
[EIN gasps]
His Purple Majesty!
[DENKA]
We are the Revolution!
We'll impart the color of love
upon man and Earless alike!
[EIN]
For love to be our salvation.
How terribly ironic.
[STUR]
And yet, even this.
[ZENDE] Is hardly so
terrible, is it, Dear Sister?
[DENKA] We've prepared food and
space enough for everyone.
To anybody facing hardship.
We're here to
offer you a hand up.
[gasps]
Mu did this!
[LISA]
Excuse me, Denka.
Someone claiming to be
an old friend of yours
has come to see you. Wait!
An old friend?
[DENKA groans]
Damn you!
It's been some time,
Your Purple Majesty.
The Princess of Gnome.
This is quite unexpected.
I'm honored that you
would still remember me.
It's been so long
since you came to visit.
That little girl you knew is all
grown up now. As you can see.
More to the point,
I don't know if I believe this
display of benevolence
comes from the heart.
[DENKA] Hm. Think what you
like about my motives,
but don't expect me to stop.
Understood. And for your part,
don't think this
atones for your crimes.
Anyway. I didn't
come here to settle
my country's accounts with you.
Is that so? Here to
help save the world?
Not at all.
I say if the world means
to end, then let it.
These countries are
none of my concern,
and frankly it
wouldn't bother me
to see the Earless
tear them all down.
But a friend of mine is in need.
A friend, huh?
Yes. And quite an odd one.
A person with no history
and no identity.
No fear or doubt, either.
And yet, she just can't
bear to be left alone.
It seems she's started
going by "Listeners."
But I still owe her a
great deal, and she's lost.
I can kind of see her,
caught inside a cage,
looking for a way out.
She's lost sight of her
true self and she feels trapped.
Jimi's Duel Showman.
The steed he once
rode into battle,
the stalwart giant that
protected this world.
You believe it's
taken ahold of her?
I do. If we're to
help her break free,
we'll need a power
to surpass that giant.
You've gathered a number
of skilled Players here
on this ship, haven't you?
And what's more,
your own Equipment
is rather powerful, as well.
My cage.
If the Players' powers
were combined.
We may be able to overcome
the Duel Showman.
Your Purple Majesty.
I would like you to
help save my friend.
[gasps, chuckles]
Oh, what fun! Glad you asked.
I'm more than happy to join you.
See, a long time ago,
I lost somebody precious to me.
And the worst part
was that when they left me,
I didn't even get a chance to
utter the simple
words, "I love you."
Everybody knows that
we're all gonna die someday.
Doesn't matter what we do.
But before I allow
that to happen,
I'll dance my life away.
[BILIN]
His Purple Majesty. Huh.
What's happening, Bilin?
Is this...?
He's already taking action.
Helping out people affected
by the recent Earless attacks.
On a smash hit world tour.
And us? What are we
doing about all this?
The number of Earless
attacks worldwide
is at unprecedented
levels, and rising.
Worse yet, this outbreak
began because of that girl.
And I encouraged
her to press on,
despite my best judgment.
I knew it might end this way.
There's blood on my hands.
This is my responsibility.
[KEVIN]
Calm down, Bilin!
You're running away.
Just like you did ten years ago,
trying to wash your
hands of things.
But I am a knight.
I will not flee from battle.
Bilin, stop!
Players from all around the
world are gathering under Denka.
In fact, the Princess of Gnome
has joined the effort,
if rumors are to be believed.
The Princess. Roz, you mean?
I'm going to join them,
and then I am going to
clean up my mess.
[KEVIN gasps]
Whoa!
Hold on! Please just
hear me out!
What you said about me is true.
I ran away and spent
ten years regretting it.
Maybe I could have
found some other way
to stop the Earless
without sacrificing Jimi.
Do you believe that?
Yes. If Roz and Denka
were to join forces,
it could turn out that the girl
lashing out at the world
unites us and
allows us to prevail!
What're you saying?
You almost seem happy.
This time we could do it right.
We could succeed where
we had failed ten years ago.
If we work together,
we can stop that girl
without killing her.
So you say,
but how do we do it?
All those scrapped equipment.
I haven't just been using them
for my own amusement.
[DENKA] We've scraped together
a veritable army here.
I have faith in the abilities of
all the Players
who've joined us,
but in the face of a monster
like the Duel Showman,
I'm afraid they don't
amount to much.
In that case, how can we‐‐
Of course, that is
the real question.
As I said before,
the Duel Showman
is the greatest giant
the world has known.
I could land a clean hit
with my Equipment's main gun
at the maximum output,
but it would be like
using a needle to
break up a boulder.
Ha. If we could somehow
combine the power of
the Core Parts
assembled here, perhaps.
[KEVIN]
We'd be able to stop her.
You think?
[DENKA]
Kevin! It's lovely to see
you've decided to
leave your room.
[KEVIN] Well I could hardly
pass up the rare opportunity
to see His Purple Majesty
looking utterly flummoxed
in the face of a challenge,
now could I?
There is a way to link
Core Parts together.
[ALL gasp]
[KEVIN] An OOPArt purportedly
dating to ancient times.
It can directly link the Core
Parts of multiple Equipment.
And it can output their
combined power as well.
[ROZ]
Does it actually work?
Wait, Roz? Is that you?
Your answer, please?
I did ask first.
[KEVIN]
I've been testing it.
For ten years,
so many times now.
And with this...
We can save her. The real Mu.
And what if your
plan should fail?
[KEVIN]
I'll accept full responsibility.
Yes, I see.
Those two changed you,
and quite a few of us,
it would seem.
I can tell you where
she's going to re‐emerge.
It's a place bearing painful
memories for many here.
Liverchester.
[MCGEE]
Look alive, friends!
The Monument of Admonishment
stands again in
its rightful place!
And with it, the days
of peace and quiet
have returned to
our humble town!
Now go on living by the pride
and promise of Liverchester!
And remember, safety first!
‐‐Mayor McGee!
‐‐What is it?
What the hell's all this about?
Be careful, sir!
[SWELL]
Huh? It's raining.
Are you kidding me?
[sighs] Where did this
storm come from?
[SWELL]
Mu?
Run away.
‐‐[SWELL] Huh?
‐‐Please run!
[SWELL] Uh‐‐ Run from
what? Where did you‐‐
Hey, Mu?
What could she be
so worried about?
[KEVIN]
Say. Bilin.
[BILIN]
Yes?
[KEVIN] Do you think the
world's gonna change today?
Same question.
What do you think?
[KEVIN]
We'll change it.
Whether this plan
will really work,
I couldn't say.
All I really know is this.
The day I met those kids,
I realized that the future
of the world we live in
isn't written.
We could make it better,
and I'm willing to
bet my life on that.
Okay. Let's go.
[SALLY]
Output, 80 percent. All green.
I'm all nerves right now.
Come on. Don't say that.
Please, let this work!
‐‐Target?
‐‐Hasn't been sighted yet.
[SALLY]
What is that?
[JUNK DEALER 11A]
What's going on?
[JUNK DEALER 11B] From what I
heard, they dug up somethin'
really strange outta
this scrap heap.
...just like this
a long time ago.
In fact, I believe it's
been about ten years.
The gate is open.
[EARLESS screech]
We're gonna die!
[WORKERS screaming]
[HENCHMAN 1A]
Mayor McGee!
They're going to take
down the Monument!
No. You can't!
Begone, fool.
[MCGEE screams]
The admonishment is
released at last.
And now. I command us. Go forth.
[DENKA]
There she is.
That's bad. Status?
We're at 90 percent.
Almost there!
Ninety‐five.
[SALLY]
Ninety‐six.
Ninety‐seven percent!
We've still got time!
[SALLY]
Ninety‐eight.
Ninety‐nine. Go!
Now. Fire!
[ALL gasp]
That's it. It's working!
‐‐Come on!
‐‐Please break through!
Did we do it?
Seems so.
[ALL cheering]
Uh‐‐ Hold on. Is that...?
[BOTH gasp]
There's no way!
Mu!
The Wall, now!
[ROZ gasps]
No, Roz!
[TREMOLO AI] Emergency.
Multiple fires detected.
Secondary explosions imminent.
Repeat. Multiple fires detected.
All hands, abandon ship!
All Equipment regroup and
set up in ring formation!
What about you?
I'll stay here and maintain
the shields while they evacuate.
We need you back on the Mesa.
‐‐Denka!
‐‐This way!
Don't you dare die here!
I made a promise to Roz.
This is my responsibility.
I'm gonna see it through.
Though I failed you,
you stood by me.
Thank you, Bilin. Goodbye.
Screw that!
This is my fight, too!
I helped push the girl
to this point. And now,
I will be the one to
knock her out of the sky!
[RESIDENT 11A] It's too
dangerous to stay here!
[RESIDENT 11B]
But out there's nowhere safer!
Stay the hell outta my way!
This is my kill!
[EARLESS screech]
[LISTENERS] You fools, who bear
the appellation of "Player."
I am Listeners.
The one who craves
the voices of Players.
The one who devours them.
Again I rise among you.
For fate has so decreed.
Here today, for the last time,
we shall meet and part.
And my hatred of you shall
at length be laid to rest.
Stow that crap.
'Cause I'm gonna end this!
You hear me? Mu!
[NIR] I don't have time to play
games with these damn extras!
[BILIN]
I'm giving this all I've got.
Feed Me With Your Kiss!
[BILIN yells]
Mu, stop this!
Damn it! I couldn't
even get close! [groans]
Damn it. Damn it!
Then farewell cruel world.
[CROWD screams]
[RESIDENT 11C]
The Earless are coming!
[RESIDENT 11E]
Run!
[RESIDENT 11D]
Get to the shelters!
[SWELL gasps]
Is that...
Hey, Mu.
[JIMI humming]
[JIMI] "Hello, Goodbye." Nobody
knows what tomorrow will bring.